PEP 699: Follow standard deprecation policy (#2927)
python/peps: pep-0699.rst

lookups. For example,
`Cython uses the field for fast dynamic module variable lookups <https://github.com/cython/cython/blob/169876872f3cb6198971a1db07e5b8a9d12b3dac/Cython/Utility/ObjectHandling.c#L1556>`_.

This PEP proposes to emit a compiler warning when accessing ``ma_version_tag``.

> After two consecutive version releases with warnings, :pep:`509` will be fully
> repealed, in line with :pep:`387`. A function for fast cached dictionary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After two consecutive version releases with warnings, ``ma_version_tag``
will be change or removed, in line with :pep:`387`.
A function for fast cached dictionary
```

IMO, it is clearer to state this in terms of the effect on the implementation as opposed to the procedural motions that are of lesser importance to users, though perhaps the one challenge is you aren't entirely sure what these will be—if you're just going to introduce a new field for this rather than re-using `ma_version_tag` as initially planned, you could revise the line to instead say

```suggestion
After two consecutive version releases with warnings, ``ma_version_tag``
will be removed, in line with :pep:`387`. A function for fast cached dictionary
```

Author: However, we don't know if we're removing ``ma_version_tag``. The whole point of the PEP is just that the specification is undone, not that we're removing the field.

Reviewer: Right—thought saying "the PEP is fully repealed" still isn't necessarily clear or obviously pertinent when it comes to a specific Python implementation version. I've tweaked the first option to read `_may_ be changed or removed`, to make it clear what the practical effect on CPython implementation users of "the PEP being repealed", that something _may_ change or be removed after that point, rather than committing to any particular course of action.

lookups. For example,
`Cython uses the field for fast dynamic module variable lookups <https://github.com/cython/cython/blob/169876872f3cb6198971a1db07e5b8a9d12b3dac/Cython/Utility/ObjectHandling.c#L1556>`_.

This PEP proposes to emit a compiler warning when accessing ``ma_version_tag``.
After two consecutive version releases with warnings, ``ma_version_tag``

> may be changed or removed, in line with :pep:`387`.

Reviewer 2: I think it is better to say that it will be removed.
It is a tiny job to remove it, and it eliminates any doubt.

> A function for fast cached dictionary

Reviewer 2: Can you drop this section? Saying that we may do it is saying nothing, and I don't see any value in doing this.

We already have dict watchers, so this is unnecessary for global dicts.
For object dicts, we could offer a "with cache" version of `PyObject_GetAttr()` but by then, "write it in Python" will be better advice for code with lots of dynamic attribute lookup.
